Add adapter fusing + PEFT to the docs (#5662)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/tutorials/using_peft_for_inference.md

[[open-in-colab]]

> # Loading adapters (LoRAs) on diffusers with PEFT for inference

Reviewer: Just a minor suggestion, but I prefer shorter titles because they're easier to reference and more direct. In this case, what do you think about just removing "adapters" entirely because as you mentioned, users probably aren't looking for "adapters" and the only "adapter" we're showing here anyway is LoRA.

I also think its probably not important to mention PEFT in the title because I don't think users really care how the LoRAs are loaded, just as long as they are :)

```suggestion
# Load LoRAs for inference
```

> There are many adapters (commonly known as LoRAs) trained in different styles to achieve different effects. You can even combine multiple adapters to create new and unique images. With the 🤗 [PEFT](https://huggingface.co/docs/peft/index) integration in 🤗 Diffusers, it is really easy to load and manage adapters for inference. In this guide, you'll learn how to use different adapters with [Stable Diffusion XL (SDXL)](../api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/stable_diffusion_xl) for inference.

Author: ```suggestion
There are many adapters (with LoRAs being the most common type) trained in different styles to achieve different effects. You can even combine multiple adapters to create new and unique images. With the 🤗 [PEFT](https://huggingface.co/docs/peft/index) integration in 🤗 Diffusers, it is really easy to load and manage adapters for inference. In this guide, you'll learn how to use different adapters with [Stable Diffusion XL (SDXL)](../api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/stable_diffusion_xl) for inference.
```

> There are many adapters (commonly known as LoRAs) trained in different styles to achieve different effects. You can even combine multiple adapters to create new and unique images. With the 🤗 [PEFT](https://huggingface.co/docs/peft/index) integration in 🤗 Diffusers, it is really easy to load and manage adapters for inference. In this guide, you'll learn how to use different adapters with [Stable Diffusion XL (SDXL)](../api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/stable_diffusion_xl) for inference.

Reviewer 2: Hmm this can indeed be confusing. LoRA is a type of adapter, actually. So, I wonder how to best propagate that.

Author: True. But I do think it's fundamental that we include the word LoRA quite high up in such docs, as it's important to optimize for search engine optimization and also for discoverability. People looking to know "how do I load LoRAs with diffusers" need to find this page imo, and they won't be looking for "adapters".

Throughout this guide, you'll use LoRA as the main adapter technique, so we'll use the terms LoRA and adapter interchangeably. You should have some familiarity with LoRA, and if you don't, we welcome you to check out the [LoRA guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/peft/conceptual_guides/lora).

Let's first install all the required libraries.

```bash
!pip install -q transformers accelerate
!pip install peft

> !pip install diffusers

Reviewer 2: Thanks a mile!

list_adapters_component_wise
{"text_encoder": ["toy", "pixel"], "unet": ["toy", "pixel"], "text_encoder_2": ["toy", "pixel"]}
```

> ## Fusing multiple adapters into the model

Reviewer: I think it may flow better if this section was under the "Combine multiple adapters" section since the two are kind of related.

Author: I think that's different, because in theory one can fuse just one adapter also. So maybe the title can be changed of the whole session to just "Fusing adapters into the model"

Reviewer: That sounds good!

> ## Fusing multiple adapters into the model

Author: ```suggestion
## Fusing adapters into the model
```

> You can use PEFT to easily fuse/unfuse multiple adapters directly into the weights of the model (both unet and text encoder) using the [`~diffusers.loaders.LoraLoaderMixin.fuse_lora`] method, which can lead to a speed-up in inference and lower VRAM usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use PEFT to easily fuse/unfuse multiple adapters directly into the model weights (both UNet and text encoder) using the [`~diffusers.loaders.LoraLoaderMixin.fuse_lora`] method, which can lead to a speed-up in inference and lower VRAM usage.
```

```py
pipe.load_lora_weights("nerijs/pixel-art-xl", weight_name="pixel-art-xl.safetensors", adapter_name="pixel")
pipe.load_lora_weights("CiroN2022/toy-face", weight_name="toy_face_sdxl.safetensors", adapter_name="toy")

pipe.set_adapters(["pixel", "toy"], adapter_weights=[0.5, 1.0])

> #Fuses the LoRAs into the Unet

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Fuses the LoRAs into the Unet
```

pipe.fuse_lora()

prompt = "toy_face of a hacker with a hoodie, pixel art"
image = pipe(prompt, num_inference_steps=30, generator=torch.manual_seed(0)).images[0]

> #Gets the Unet back to the original state

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Gets the Unet back to the original state
```
